Sex Education follows Otis Milburn and the
other students at Moordale Secondary School.
Otis has a few hangups when it comes to sex,
due to his single mother Jean being a very
open and free-spirited sex therapist AND having
witnessed his father cheat on his mother as
a young boy.
Otis’ best friend is Eric, the gay son of
a religious Ghanian-Nigerian family.
Otis’ crush is Maeve Wiley, an intelligent
outcast whose rough family life leads to self-destructive
tendencies.
There’s also Jackson Marchetti, the headboy
at Moordale who struggles to just be a kid
amidst the lofty expectations placed on him
by his parents.
Adam Groff is the headmaster’s son who bullies
the other students due to his own insecurities
and the extreme pressures of his father.
Aimee Gibbs is member of the popular mean
girls clique “The Untouchables”, but secretly
she’s best friends with Maeve and a people
pleaser to the point of it being a detriment
to herself.
Other members of the Untouchables include
Ruby, Olivia, and Anwar, the only other openly
gay guy at Moordale, and the crush of Eric.
And then there’s Lily, an eccentric writer
of alien erotica who desperately wants to
lose her virginity.
Throughout season 1, Otis develops a crush
on Maeve and the two decide to start a sex
therapy clinic to help the various sex and
relationship problems of the students at Moordale.
Otis is using knowledge he’s picked up over
the years from his sex therapist mother, while
Maeve is running the business side of things,
needing the money to help pay her rent as
her parents and older brother are absent from
her life.
The clinic ends up becoming a huge success,
and Otis helps many students along the way.
He teaches Aimee to be her own person and
to pursue and communicate her own thoughts
and feelings instead of living for others.
This eventually leads to Aimee breaking up
with her Untouchables friend group and publicly
siding with Maeve.
She also breaks up with her bully of a boyfriend
Adam and eventually ends up with nice guy
Steve.
He also helps Lily come to terms with both
her obsession and internal anxieties over
losing her virginity.
But Otis’ preoccupation with his new side
hustle and his developing feelings for Maeve
create tension in his relationship with best
friend Eric.
Throughout the season, Eric finds confidence
and comfort in himself, reconnecting with
his family’s religious beliefs, realizing
the love and support of his father, confidently
displaying his true self to the school, and
even striking up a relationship with the repressed
bully Adam.
That relationship is short-lived, as the perpetual
screw-up Adam is shipped off to military school
by his father.
Jackson strikes up a relationship with Maeve,
thanks in large part to some unwitting advice
from Otis, and it’s a huge breakthrough
for Jackson in simply allowing himself to
be a teenager.
Instead of living his life revolved around
swim meets and practices, he can party and
experience young love.
Unfortunately, try as she might, Maeve doesn’t
reciprocate those feelings and by the end
of the season her and Jackson break up.
Maeve spent the season trying to better herself
and refocus on her academics.
Her writing skills could earn her university
scholarships, and an essay she wrote for Adam
even ends up winning an award.
But those newfound successes could all come
grinding to a halt when her troublemaking
brother returns home.
After he’s caught selling drugs at the school
dance, Headmaster Groff believes that Maeve
and Otis’ clinic is actually a drug ring
and moves to have Maeve expelled.
Otis, meanwhile, is finally reckoning with
his relationship with his mother.
After discovering she’s begun work on her
next book, focused on his sexual frustrations,
Otis confronts his mother and the two seem
to genuinely reconcile.
As season one comes to a close, Maeve, fresh
off her break-up with Jackson, finally realizes
her true romantic feelings for Otis and goes
to tell him.
Unbeknownst to her, Otis has finally moved
on from Maeve and started a relationship with
new girl Ola.
And unbeknownst to Otis and Ola, their parents,
Jean and Jakob, have started up a relationship
of their own, creating a VERY messy situation.
Annnnnnnd speaking of messy situations, as
season one comes to a close and Otis experiences
his first kiss from Ola, he’s finally able
to get past all of his sexual hangups and
masterbate for the first time.
Season 2 of Sex Education finds our favorite
characters in a whole assortment of new positions.
Otis and Ola’s burgeoning relationship is
still going strong, but the revelation that
their parents Jean and Jakob are also dating
creates a new rift between Otis and Jakob
AND Otis and his mother which is only intensified
when a chlamydia outbreak at Moordale forces
Headmaster Groff to bring on Jean as the school’s
new sex ed teacher.
Maeve has been expelled from Moordale, but
with the help of English teacher Miss Sands,
she’s able to convince Headmaster Groff
to let her return.
Back at Moordale, Maeve and Otis restart their
sex clinic, but having Jean at the school
offering free AND professional advice to the
students puts a bit of a damper on their business.
And the close friendship and business partnership
of Maeve and Otis creates tension in Otis’
relationship with Ola.
Eric is still buzzing over his brief fling
with Adam Groff, which was cut short after
Adam was sent off to military school.
A new French student named Rahim arrives at
Moordale and the entire school takes an interest
in him.
But Rahim only has eyes for Eric and the two
enter into a relationship.
That relationship is complicated when Adam
is kicked out of military school after drugs
are planted in his bunk and he takes a job
working at a shop under Rahim’s apartment.
Eric becomes caught between being in a comfortable
relationship with Rahim that allows him to
be confident and out in public, and exploring
a relationship with Adam who is more repressed
and closeted due to his father’s oppressive
rules.
Aimee has now fully removed herself from the
Untouchables clique and is now trying to discover
herself and what her own aspirations are.
Unfortunately, after being sexually assaulted
on her bus to school, Aimee spends the season
grappling with the trauma.
Eventually, she finds a support system in
the other girls at Moordale and is finally
able to overcome her fear of riding the bus.
By the end of the season, the support of her
friends and her boyfriend Steve have helped
her healthily cope with the trauma.
Jackson Marchetti is still heartbroken over
his breakup with Maeve AND still anxious about
being the swim star his mothers pressure him
to be.
He ends up purposefully breaking his hand
and frames it as an accident to use as an
excuse to get a break from swimming.
In turn, he’s now faced with an uncertain
future of what his life looks like without
swimming in it.
Forced to put in more efforts in academics,
he starts being tutored by fellow student
Viv.
He helps Viv with relationship advice on how
to get her crush Dex to notice her, while
she helps Jackson pursue his new interest
in acting, landing the lead role of Romeo
in a school play.
Eventually, Viv discovers the secret that
Jackson purposefully broke his hand and, concerned
for his well being, tells Jackson’s mothers.
Although Jackson is at first angry at Viv
for this decision, he starts going to therapy
and finally confesses his true feelings to
his mothers about the extreme pressure he
feels they place on him when it comes to swimming.
Jackson reconciles with his mothers and Viv.
Otis’ father Remi returns home to spend
time with him.
This excites Otis, but causes friction in
Jean and Jakob’s relationship.
Jean isn’t used to being in a committed
and healthy relationship like she’s in with
Jakob, and begins to feel smothered by Jakob’s
intimacy.
This eventually leads to Jean kissing Remi
and ending her relationship with Jakob.
Jean quickly realizes her mistake and her
true love for Jakob, but he doesn’t believe
she’s at a place to give him the intimacy
he needs from a relationship.
To complicate things further, Jean discovers
that she’s pregnant.
And that’s not the only discovery Jean will
make, as she finally finds out about her son’s
secret sex clinic being run at Moordale, something
she rightfully deems as completely unethical.
And although Otis is at first excited to have
his father back in his life, he soon discovers
that Remi has only returned home because his
new wife kicked him out for his incessant
cheating.
Ola begins to suspect that there’s more
going on between Otis and Maeve than just
a friendship and their sex clinic business
and asks Otis to cut Maeve from his life,
which he does.
Although Ola herself begins to realize that
she’s pansexual and has feelings for her
friend Lily.
Ola and Otis break up, and at a party, a drunken
Otis manages to insult both Ola and Maeve.
Ola and Lily begin a relationship, and Ola
forms a friendship with her co-worker Adam.
Maeve’s mother, Erin, returns home with
Maeve’s young half-sister Elsie, with the
promise of making amends with Maeve, getting
clean, and getting a real job that can move
them all out of the trailer park.
At first hesitant to trust her mother, Maeve
begins to trust that their relationship can
be saved.
Meanwhile, in addition to restarting the sex
clinic with Otis, whom she secretly loves,
Maeve also joins Moordale’s trivia team,
the Quiz Heads, alongside Steve, Viv, and
Dex.
Throughout the season, Maeve learns to trust
in her teammates and eventually helps them
win the national championship.
That win is dampened when Maeve’s new paraplegic
neighbor Isaac discovers that Erin is using
drugs again.
Maeve makes the difficult decision to call
social services on her mother, causing Erin
and Elsie to be taken away by the authorities.
Headmaster Groff’s marriage with his wife
Maureen deteriorates due to his complete lack
of emotions and empathy.
When Maureen begins to seek friendship and
advice from Jean on the matter, a jealous
and spiteful Groff begins copying and spreading
Jean’s therapy notes around Moordale, causing
complete chaos.
Everything comes to a head in the finale,
set largely around the school’s production
of Romeo and Juliet.
With the support of Viv and his mothers, Jackson
is able to overcome his performance anxieties
to play Romeo.
The play’s director, Lily, has crafted an
impressively intricate, albeit sexually charged
show.
This embarrasses Headmaster Groff in front
of the chair of the school board, and he tries
to shut the production down.
But it’s actually his son Adam who fully
derails the show by running on stage and publicly
declaring his true feelings for Eric, who
reciprocates.
Headmaster Groff proceeds to have a bit of
a public meltdown, accusing Jean of corrupting
the students’ minds.
Otis stands up for his mother and the school
board chair puts Groff on leave.
As the season comes to a close, Otis is resolved
to confess his true love to Maeve.
When he goes to tell her, he instead finds
Isaac.
Otis asks Isaac to make sure that Maeve checks
her voicemail messages and leaves.
Isaac listens to the message Otis left for
Maeve, detailing his love for her, and deletes
it before Maeve can hear it.
and that's everything that happened in season
two of sex education let me know some of your
favorite moments in the comments below what
are you most looking forward to seeing in
season three i'd love to hear about it so
go ahead and give this video a like and subscribe
if you found this helpful it really helps
the channel out but that does it for me in
this video i'll see you in the next one